Add threat forecast docs (#710)
crowdsecurity/crowdsec-docs: crowdsec-docs/unversioned/console/threat_forecast.md

# Threat Forecast

> 🌟 Premium feature

> The Threat Forecast is a special blocklist for paying customers. It provides an additional layer of security on top of the community blocklist. In contrast to the community blocklist it is generated on a per-organization basis to deliver more precise protection based on the signals shared by the organization. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Threat Forecast is a special blocklist for enterprise organizations.  
It provides an additional layer of security on top of the community blocklist. In contrast to the community blocklist it is generated on a per-organization basis to deliver more precise protection based on the signals shared by the organization. 
```
